add on initial client render to the docs (#31175)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/how-to/performance/improving-site-performance.md

For slightly more effort, you can get additional performance gains; rather than loading third-party scripts from external sources, you can inline scripts in your code to reduce the cost of a network call.

> There are a number of ways to places to put an in-lined script, depending on how much you want to defer its execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of places to put an inlined script, depending whether you need it to execute immediately upon loading or can defer execution.
```
